Removes RS-LS truncation of stored columns (#1257)
precice/precice: docs/changelog/1257.md

> - Removed least squares truncation of stored columns per time window for IQN-IMVJ acceleration restart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed restriction to only use 5 iterations in the `RS_LS` restart mode of the IQN-IMVJ acceleration method.
```
